Posted by Zachary Gill Sat Dec 22 23:06:55 2012.
Message: I thought it was interesting that they really touched on how working in a field in Computer Science isn't just working by yourself. In the first segment she talked about how she likes working in groups and how it is satisfying to receive immediate feedback and such. This stood out to me because I always thought that working in a computer-based field was more like work being done just between you and your computer. I thought this was cool because I like working in groups. 
Also in the second segment the man said "Computer science isn't just sitting behind a desk all day, you can get out there and you can make something that can really make a difference." This also really interests me, I think one of the main goals in a career is making a difference and accomplishing something! In the last segment the man also touched on this in saying that he liked his work because he made a difference and his work had implications that can be used in real life to help people. 
In the third segment she talked about how their work covered work in lots of areas and not just Computer Science. If you are trained in Computer Science then you can work in health or any field. There is a need to solve problems in every work field.

Posted by Ross Pantone Sat Oct 27 20:14:19 2012.
Posted by Zachary Gill Sat Dec 22 23:22:20 2012.
Message: I would like to touch on one of your points. You said "The computer can only answer what man already knows; however, if optimized, computation time is incomparable to that of man's." I think that this is a very enlightened statement; many people just think that computers are super intelligent and work on their own, but in reality they can do nothing that some computer scientist didn't tell it to do, and this is where the true intelligence lies. I completely agree with your statement.

Posted by Rohith Nallandigal Thu Nov 1 19:57:40 2012.
Posted by Zachary Gill Sat Dec 22 23:27:25 2012.
Message: I was under the impression that most computer programmers were of that stereotype, but it is nice to know that that is not the case. I share a similar career goal with you, working on a rogue project with a small group would definitely be a great experience. Who knows, maybe we will be in a group together someday, haha :)