Posted by Zachary Gill Thu Jan 17 12:33:26 2013.
Message: Computer models over the last decade have skyrocketed in complexity. Many models now can predict and display scenarios with almost certain accuracy. With government funding and advances in technology we have been able to achieve what we never thought we could do before. 
Although the government does play a role in helping to stop global warming, I think that we put too much emphasis on it. Sure business could be regulated more to help lower the emission of GHG into our atmosphere, but we are the end consumers. It is our job to help stop the effects of global warming, not the government's. There are many websites such as http://greenliving.nationalgeographic.com/actions-stop-global-warming-2816.html that show us how we can help the environment and reduce GHG emissions as individuals. Changing little things in our everyday life can really make a difference!


Posted by Matt Greenwald Wed Jan 9 19:37:21 2013.
Posted by Zachary Gill Thu Jan 17 12:15:19 2013.
Message: I agree with you. Without us all working together, there is no way for us to help solve our issues with global warming; it is "global" after all. And computers are an invaluable asset to our mission too, like you said, it will make out efforts more coordinated and accurate; computers have helped us achieve information that would never before have been possible.

Posted by Jiantao Shen Fri Dec 28 19:47:34 2012.
Posted by Zachary Gill Thu Jan 17 12:26:29 2013.
Message: I agree with you; the advances in computer modelling have most definitely made it easier to visualize problems. And without funding from the government, those advancements would have probably never taken place!


Global warming is really becoming a problem for our environment, but we are not without solution. We have advanced our computer modeling technology in order to visualize this problem. With today's technology we can really see how much of an issue it really is, and we can experiment with solutions before we invest in them. This allows us to be much more confident in our actions. I think that without these advances in computer modeling, we would still be in the dark and unsure about what to do to save our planet. But now we have the ability to see and predict what will happen, we are closer to solving our problems than ever before; and all thanks to the help of computers and advances in our understanding of them! With our new knowledge I believe we will gain new support; if we let people know how much of a problem global warming really is, I’m sure they will do their part to help the cause.