There are a myriad of ways to accomplish any particular task in programming. The route you take can determine the efficiency and speed of the program as well as say something about the programmer him/herself. We are going to compare and contrast the three "Hello World" programs that were shown before.
The first program (HelloWorldV1) is the most simplistic version of the three. It is takes advantage of the internal capabilities of languages like Java. It has a main method and ever function call is in this method. This program would use the least amount of CPU clicks of the three but this layout is not suitable for larger or more complex programs because they would get hard to read and messy.
The second program (HelloWorldV2) uses a more advanced route to accomplish its task; structured programming. It has a main method and a static function to print the output it needs. This subdivided version of programming is good for larger and more advanced or complex programs because you can divide the program into functional units and call them at will. This also adds readability and makes the code easier to read and understand. Although it affects the speed of the program execution it is such that it is negligible; the advantages of well-organized code outweigh the negative aspects.
The third program (HelloWorldV3) uses the object oriented programming method. It has a constructor for the class, but it does not initialize any variables for the class definition. It essentially serves no purpose in this program. The object oriented programming route is very good for complex programs with high variability, but not for a program that only prints a couple String literals to the screen.
To perform the task achieved by each of these three programs, I would use the first program; simple problems should have simple answers. In general, however, I prefer the structured programming route due to its readability and the ability to simplify the main method and create functional units in your code instead of a mess.